USER MANUAL
Table of Contents
1. Getting Started
	1.1 Authors
	1.2 About Braille
	1.3 What is Authoring App?
2. The Main Menu
	2.1 Options for those who are visually impaired
	2.2 Reading Speed
	2.3 Breif Intro to Each Button
3. Create A Teaching Scenario
	3.1 Intro
	3.2 Scenario Setup
	3.3 The four Steps
	3.4 Accessing Previous Scenes
	3.5 Saving/Finishing a Scene
	3.6 Where to Find a Newly Created Scenario
4. Loading an Existing Scenario
	4.1 Using the Main Menu
	4.2 Browsing File Location
5.  Editing a Previously Existing Scenario
	5.1 TO BE IMPLEMENTED
	
--Section 1.1: Authors
Gianluca Corvinelli
Mark Savin
Aya Allan

Contact us:
corv9@my.yorku.ca
email 2
email 3

--Section 1.2: About Braille
Braille is a form of written language for blind people, in which characters are represented 
by patterns of raised dots that are felt with the fingertips.

Braille symbols are formed within units of space known as braille cells. A full braille cell
consists of six raised dots arranged in two parallel rows each having three dots. The dot 
positions are identified by numbers from one through six. Sixty-four combinations are 
possible using one or more of these six dots. A single cell can be used to represent an 
alphabet letter, number, punctuation mark, or even a whole word

--Section 1.3: What is Authoring App?
The authoring app is a tool for visually impaired/capable users to teach braille to 
students.  This is done by the teacher creating teaching scenarios for the student 
in which they could create the flow of each scenario as well as edit/load them at anytime.
Many other options for the student as well as the teacher can be found in more detail in
the following sections.

--Section 2.1: Options for those who are visually impaired
In the lower right corner of the main menu there is an option for visually impaired users,
this will do (YET TO BE IMPLEMENTED).  Another recommended option for those who are visually 
impaired is to download and use a screen reader. Our app is fully functional with most popular
screen readers.  Our recommended screen reader to use is NVDA.  We have tested the app using this
screen reader for every version.

--Section 2.2: Reading Speed
The reading speed feature is placed in the main menu to set the default reading speed for a newly
created scenario. More on this later as it is not implemented yet.

--Section 2.3-5.1
Pointless to write on these sections as they have not been implemented yet, will build on the user
manual and table of contents as time goes on.


